DEV/RI: add note about INFO access requirement (#528)
redis/docs: content/develop/connect/insight/_index.md

<img src="images/Databases.png">

{{< note >}}

> When adding a Redis database using a username and password, the user must have authorized access to the `INFO` command.

Author: ```suggestion
When you add a Redis database for a particular user using the `username` and `password` fields, that user must be able to run the `INFO` command. See the [access control list (ACL) documentation]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/management/security/acl" >}}) for more information.
```
